content/2022-06-21-python-in-the-browser.md, before:

Title: Python in the Browser
Date: 2022-06-21
Category: Python
Tags: pyscript


Python code embedded in html which samples random Austrian lottery numbers.  
Also prints the date and writes into labeled elements.  
Bear in mind that this is just a simple static website :)  
Uses [PyScript](https://github.com/pyscript/pyscript/blob/main/docs/tutorials/getting-started.md). Check it out for some examples.  

<html>
    <head>
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://pyscript.net/alpha/pyscript.css" />
      <script defer src="https://pyscript.net/alpha/pyscript.js"></script>
      <link href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" crossorigin="anonymous">
    </head>

  <body>
    <b><p>Today is <u><label id='today'></label></u></p></b>
    <br>
    <div id="lotto" class="alert alert-primary"></div>
    <py-script>
      import datetime as dt
      from random import sample
      pyscript.write('today', dt.date.today().strftime('%A %B %d, %Y'))
      pyscript.write('lotto', f'{sample(range(1,46), 6)}')
    </py-script>
  </body>
</html>

Commit message:

slug, python code doesnt render on frontpage

content/2022-06-21-python-in-the-browser.md, after:

Title: Python in the Browser
Date: 2022-06-21
Category: Python
Tags: pyscript
Slug: Pythonic Lotto Numbers 
Author: streetyogi
Summary: Sampled ranges inside the browser, how cool is that?


Python code embedded in html which samples random Austrian lottery numbers.  
Also prints the date and writes into labeled elements.  
Bear in mind that this is just a simple static website :)  
Uses [PyScript](https://github.com/pyscript/pyscript/blob/main/docs/tutorials/getting-started.md). Check it out for some examples.  

<html>
    <head>
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://pyscript.net/alpha/pyscript.css" />
      <script defer src="https://pyscript.net/alpha/pyscript.js"></script>
      <link href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" crossorigin="anonymous">
    </head>

  <body>
    <b><p>Today is <u><label id='today'></label></u></p></b>
    <br>
    <div id="lotto" class="alert alert-primary"></div>
    <py-script>
      import datetime as dt
      from random import sample
      pyscript.write('today', dt.date.today().strftime('%A %B %d, %Y'))
      pyscript.write('lotto', f'{sample(range(1,46), 6)}')
    </py-script>
  </body>
</html>
